proposed wording by Wes in issue #46 (#84)
intarchboard/draft-iab-rfc4052bis: draft-iab-rfc4052bis.md

communication mechanisms, there may not be a need for a more formal
structure.

> A working relationship simply exists by defacto when members of both organizations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A de facto working relationship exists when members of both organizations
```

cross-collaborate and participate in the groups with overlapping

> interest. No further structure or procedures is required in this case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
interest. No further structure or procedures are required in this case.
```
